API: change the behaviour of delaunay_triangles to consider all geometries together (#3273)
geopandas/geopandas: CHANGELOG.md

  the previous active geometry column name. This means that if the new and old names are
  different, then both columns will be preserved in the GeoDataFrame. To replicate the previous
  behaviour, you can instead call `gdf.set_geometry(ser.rename(gdf.active_geometry_name))` (#3237).

> - `delaunay_triangles` now consider all geometries together when creating the Delaunay trianguation
>   instead of performing the operation element-wise. If you want to generate a Delaunay
>   triangles for each geometry separately, use ``shapely.delaunay_triangles`` instead. (#3273)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `delaunay_triangles` now considers all geometries together when creating the Delaunay trianguation
  instead of performing the operation element-wise. If you want to generate Delaunay
  triangles for each geometry separately, use ``shapely.delaunay_triangles`` instead. (#3273)
```
